Date--17-aug-2019
=================
Today i have an Interview which is conducting by Naresh IT..some day before they have conducted the written test in which they have selected me for the further round..But am not going to attend that interview as am an experience candidate now...

   Last two days not great thing happened..boring days both were..
From today onwards am thinking as much as possible i will try not to use mobile phone mean fb and youtube..both were wasting my time a lot..only doing timepass..and am not seeing any useful things in bosth siides,all are useless... ya  you are my friend ,so tonight i will tell u that how much i hv spent time in both sides okkk...

Next thing is what, am not practicing spring mvc in a proper manner.am not understanding the concepts also..so what will i do plz tell...I know i can learn it from youtube but when it will be>>yaa from now onwards i will read and will try to get all the concepts ...yaa practicing program is much important but if i would  know the concepts and able to ellaborate all in a proper way then somehow it will be manageble,,that i think...but  i know what i think is not  correct..

i would tell you one more thing ,,u know  in webservices class from the last one month sir is teaching that xml,,u wont believe how boring the time is when you will sit in xml class..
Yesterday when i entered into the class one fellow stared at me and said go to back side with a very wierd face..i got angry and later i calmed down myself..That xml teacher is too slow thats the reason i am not reading xml also..

Here i want to say one more thing,,am excusing a lot naa??
"If something good happening in my life, am saying that its my credit am the only responsible for what am achieving but when something wrong happening  am saying that this is his fault,and that is her fault,,i dont know anything...or god always doing wrong with me"....that is called excuses ..
so one thing you should always remember if u are not taking responsible on a particular situation then you will not try do any hardwork to come out from that situations..you will depend on someone to do that work..so everyting is in your hand..so
 try to take responsible on everything..then you will face lots of situation and later you will be perfect in your life...ok meet you tonight..Now i have to read some spring concepts 

so here i came.. as per i told for some extend i hv minimized the use of phone..yaa i hv used it only for watching the show ..day was good..i spent some time in reading so some satisfaction i get the end of this day ..Thank you..Like this you have to guide me everyday.ok..waiting for tomorrow..we will meet..BYYY..good ni8

